Wow...
Ain't they beauties?
Your ol' gramps and his friends made these hina dolls.
Ain't that amazing?
Uh-huh. Wow...
They're so pretty.
She's the most beautiful thing in the world...
With a little bit of practice, you'll be just like your Gramps.
That's so creepy!
Why do you like girls' dolls, Wacchan? You're a boy.
I hate you, Wacchan!
Morning.
You're still as beautiful as ever.
My Dress-Up Darling
Episode 1
Someone Who Lives in the Exact Opposite World as Me
Gojo Dolls
Tatematsu
Morning, Gramps.
Morning, Wakana.
Wakana, you were working late again last night, weren't you?
Are you getting enough sleep?
Well... I was just on a roll, so I kept going.
My brush just wouldn't stop and I ended up painting a handful of them.
Still, I can't get them perfect like you, Gramps.
How many years do you think I've been doing this?
Hm...
47?
48!
Let's eat.
Even if you haven't mastered the faces yet,
you can make their costumes, and that's plenty impressive.
That's all I'm good at, though.
I've still got lots to learn.
No need to hurry.
Just keep at it.
You're still in school.
Yeah...
By the way...
Have you made any friends now that you're in high school?
You okay?
I'm fine... Wait.
Where'd this come from?
Well, I mean...
You spent all your time messing with dolls throughout grade and middle school.
I started wondering if you actually had any friends.
Y-Yeah, of course I have friends!
Lots of 'em. I've always had friends.
They're all busy with clubs, so our schedules never line up.
That's all.
Really.
I see.
Welp, I definitely feel better.
I see, I see.
That's great.
Gojo Dolls I'm heading out.
Yup.
Be careful.
I will.
Man, I hate first period.
Seriously.
We're totally gonna get yelled at.
Heyo!
M-My bad!
I thought you were someone else!
Sorry, Gramps.
I still...
haven't made a single friend, even in high school.
How can I, anyway?
My dream is to be a kashirashi for hina dolls.
Meaning, my hobbies are...
Creating hina dolls and honing my craft.
Appreciating my work.
You're as lovely as ever.
And talking to said work.
And so, I have nothing to talk about with other people!
Where should we start today?
Did you see episode 6 yesterday?
Of Chiretsu?
Dude, it was epic!
The animation was godlike!
At the tournament the other day, our coach...
That voice actor was just... Wait, what?
I have no idea what that means!
What I like is so different from everyone else...
Heyo.
Hey.
I'd just make things super awkward and make everyone feel uneasy around me.
It'd be better...
if I just wasn't here...
Whoa, wait!
That... hurt!
My bad, Marin!
Yikes, sorry.
Are you okay?!
You okay?
Ow... Yeah, I think I'm fine...
Oh, sorry.
Um... Gojo-kun.
K-Kitagawa-san!
U-Uh, um... You good?
Y-Yes!
Oh, hey.
You've got something on you.
What the heck is this?
It's not like a cut... right?
This is, um... This is fine.
What's fine, exactly?!
Really?
That's good, then.
You good, Marin?
Definitely broke some bones on that landing.
Oh, please.
Ink...
I had no idea I still had some on me.
Man, that startled me...
That's the first time I've ever talked to her.
Kitagawa-san.
She's super cheerful, has a lot of friends,
and is always the center of attention.
She lives in a completely different world than as me.
So, after school yesterday...
Ugh. Are you really going to bring that up?
Wow, you actually got Marin to hang out with you after school?
She always runs off somewhere.
She had to go to a hair modeling gig, so I went with her.
And I wanted a haircut.
Ah, so it was work.
But then, this dude totally waited on Marin even though his hair was done ages ago.
My dude, just go home.
Was he cute, though?
He was actually pretty hot.
He finally came up to us as we were about to leave.
I'm sure he was just trying to start up a conversation, but...
Hey, isn't that thing from some anime?
Wow, you're a total nerd.
Talk about lame.
The only thing that's lame here is you.
And then, she never looked back.
Seriously? Brutal.
Ouch.
He looked like his soul had left his body!
I mean...
If the guy was hot, maybe you should've given him a chance.
Marin's basically an ice queen whenever anyone tries to hit on her, anyway.
Like I care about how hot he was.
I just can't deal with guys like him.
I mean, he clearly knew it was something I liked before he opened his mouth.
You just don't go making fun of things people clearly like.
Right?
For sure.
Also... how dare he call Shion-tan "that thing"?!
Here we go... Her deep love for Shion-tan.
Look, we don't understand when you talk about this stuff, either.
Right here in this classroom...
There's someone who lives in the exact opposite world as me.
Sakuya-kun Mirai-chan Shion-tan
She lives in a world where she's accepted for who she is.
It must be... really comfortable in that world.
For real?!
You'll do it again?
Yeah, sure.
You're a lifesaver!
Come on.
You really should do it today.
Aw, but Gojo says he'll do it.
And I don't wanna be late for work.
Thanks, Gojo!
See you later!
Hey!
Sorry, Gojo.
I'll buy you something to drink sometime.
Honestly, doing this all on my own is pretty rough.
But...
This is way better than me failing at conversations
and making things awkward.
I'm sure they wouldn't know what to talk about with me around.
And I'd make them uncomfortable if I just stood around quietly.
I'm just gonna hurry and finish up so I can go home.
It's Kitagawa-san.
I wonder if she forgot something.
What?
Huh?
Uh, nothing...
Um, what are you doing?
It's pretty obvious, isn't it?
I'm cleaning.
I'm late 'cause I had to go to the bathroom, but I'm on cleaning duty this week.
Huh?!
Y-You're actually going to clean?
Of course I am.
Why wouldn't I?
Hey, where's everyone else?
Oh, they went home.
I guess they had work.
Seriously?
All of them?
Yes...
Gojo-kun, are they taking advantage of you?
I guess so.
You guess so?!
And you're still doing this?
You don't mind?!
I mean... I sort of do... Of course you would.
Did you tell them that?
No...
But they said that I was reliable,
so I thought it was okay.
That's not being reliable.
They're just using you.
You shouldn't agree to things you don't wanna do.
No, really. You need to think about yourself more.
You need to speak up about how you're feeling, for your own sake.
Gojo Dolls Ow!
Hey, what happened? You okay?
Oh...
Sorry.
I cut my finger again.
You gotta be careful!
I wonder if we have any bandages left.
You just sit tight.
Thanks...
It's been days...
You need to speak up about how you're feeling, for your own sake.
...but her words are still in my head.
She saw right through me.
I've always suppressed my feelings.
Even...
Back then...
Huh?
Here.
Slap this on there.
Gramps, the sewing machine's not working.
Well, it's pretty much an antique.
It was on its last leg.
I guess it's time to buy a new one.
I wish I'd gotten to a good stopping point, at least.
Oh, I know.
Sewing Practice Room
It's so easy to use.
Thank goodness we don't have an Arts and Crafts Club...
It's not like anyone's gonna come here after school, so I won't have to hide.
And I can bring you.
I'll sew your outfit for you today.
Just you wait.
K-Kitagawa-san!
I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
Are you hurt—
Shit...
What the hell?
It's all over...
That's so awesome!
You know how to use a sewing machine, Gojo-kun?
Huh?
The sewing machine!
How do you know how to use one? We don't have home ec as an elective!
Uh... Um...
My family runs a hina doll shop.
So... I learned how to use one as a kid.
Oh, that's why?! No wonder!
Hey, is that a hina doll?
Lemme see!
Uh... Um...
Here you go.
Look at this hottie.
Her eyes are sparkling.
This is the first time...
This is the first time someone's complimented...
The first time someone complimented something I love.
Did you make this hina doll, Gojo-kun?
Uh, no, I didn't.
My gramps made her.
I-I still only know how to make their clothes.
You can make clothes?
Um, yes.
For real?
Yes. I mean, I just sew them together, so it's not a big deal—
Hey... Could you look the other way?
Yes, ma'am!
Wha—Wh-Wh-Wh-What's going on?!
What's happening?!
Why is she undressing?!
Wait.
Why do I hear a rustling sound?
What is this sound?!
Gojo-kun.
Yes, ma'am!
H-How can I help you?
Look at me.
But... It's okay. Just look.
I'm still not done with it.
It's totally not done yet, but, um...
What do you think?
Huh?
Um, what do you mean?
What exactly are you wearing?
Well...
I'm, uh, trying to make that outfit... so, yeah.
At least I'm trying to.
You're joking, right?
Huh? I'm totally serious.
I worked really hard on this.
But, I mean... It doesn't look like this at all!
No one could suck this bad even if they tried!
Huh?!
That material needs a lining, doesn't it?
Lining... What?
You don't even know that?!
Unbelievable.
Please excuse me.
I knew it.
You haven't done any of the reverse stitching,
and it's wrinkled!
And there's no bobbin thread!
You can hardly even call this sewing.
I bet you forgot your seam allowance, too!
Oh, come on!
Why did you change the tension dial here?!
And—
I-I'm so sorry, I went way too far!
Please, just kill me now!
Wait, what?!
What are you even doing?! Quit it!
H-H-How much should I pay you?
Nothing!
I don't want any!
I'm not mad!
Not even a little!
But seriously, Gojo-kun, could you look up?
Um... You see...
I made this because I wanted to cosplay!
Cosplay?
Yup! Cosplay!
I want to wear the same things as manga, anime, and game characters!
Cosplaying allows you express just how much you love your faves!
Isn't that awesome?!
It's basically... the ultimate form of love!
Are you listening, Gojo-kun?
Yes!
I'm sorry! I'm absolutely listening! I'm sorry!
And...
I don't have a sewing machine at home, so I was working on this here after school.
But, well...
As you can see, it's not in the best shape,
and I don't know anyone who's good at sewing.
Gojo-kun!
Will you make me a cosplay outfit?
Huh?
If you can't...
You can just tell me you can't.
You see...
I can't do much more on my own.
But Shizuku-tan means so much to me...
She means so much to me, so I want to become her, no matter what!
Please, Gojo-kun!
That's so awesome!
You know how to use a sewing machine, Gojo-kun?
Look at this hottie.
You just don't go making fun of things people clearly like.
You need to speak up about how you're feeling, for your own sake.
All right.
I've never made clothes for an actual person before,
so I'm not sure how well it'll go,
but I'll do everything I can.
You mean...
You'll do it?
Yes.
For real?
Yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
Yay!
Shizuku-tan!
Now I can be Shizuku-tan!
Right here in this classroom...
There's someone who lives in the exact opposite world as me.
I never thought...
I'd make a promise like this with someone like that.
I'm seriously crying right now.
Oh! But I'll do everything I can!
Not that I can do much!
Sure.
I guess you really want to be this person.
Yup! I mean, she's just too precious for words!
Shizuku Kuroe-tan from
Saint Slippery's Academy for Girls—
The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2!
Say what now?
Episode 2
Wanna Hurry Up, and Do It?
Next time!